711 pypark worker containerization (#725)
boozallen/aissemble: DRAFT_RELEASE_NOTES.md

## Poetry 2 Support and Minimum Python
New projects generated on version 1.13.0 of aiSSEMBLE will use Poetry 2.x.  With this update, the minimum version of Python supported by aiSSEMBLE is updated from 3.8 to 3.9.

## Habushu 3.0 upgrade

> Starting with aiSSEMBLE version 1.13.0, newly generated projects will use Habushu 3.0. This release includes several significant improvements, most notably support for UV, a modern Python packaging and build tool comparable to Poetry.

Reviewer: A: Remove as it's redundant with the Habushu release notes/the paragraph below.

> You can find more details in the [Habushu 3.0 release notes](https://github.com/TechnologyBrewery/habushu/releases/tag/habushu-3.0.0). aiSSEMBLE 1.13.0 also leverages Habushu’s dependency containerization feature. This enhancement simplifies the deployment process by packaging monorepo dependencies into a unified Docker image, enabling a more streamlined and consistent runtime environment.  For examples of how containerized dependencies works see [the Habushu poetry example pages](https://github.com/TechnologyBrewery/habushu/blob/dev/examples/poetry/habushu-poetry-containerize/README.md) and [the Habushu UV example pages](https://github.com/TechnologyBrewery/habushu/blob/dev/examples/uv/habushu-uv-containerize/README.md)   

Reviewer: A: Recommend condensing to the most relevant information. Also, keep everything on one line (even though it's ugly) because the GH release notes editor doesn't handle manual line breaks super well.
```suggestion
Habushu has been upgraded to [version 3.0](https://github.com/TechnologyBrewery/habushu/releases/tag/habushu-3.0.0). Because Habushu 3 has dropped support for other containerization approaches, aiSSEMBLE will now use the [containerize-dependencies feature](https://github.com/TechnologyBrewery/habushu/blob/dev/docs/CONFIGURATION_README.md#containerization-configurations) to package PySpark and Machine Learning pipelines.  The Habushu project has [examples](https://github.com/TechnologyBrewery/habushu/blob/dev/examples/poetry/habushu-poetry-containerize/README.md) to help illustrate how containerization works.
```
